1. Why are you interested in programming? What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far?
Programming has a fulfillment ability to people like me who are always into solving problems.
We are continuously wondering about resolving issues day and night. All of the different fields 
in the world are here to address some problem. What makes programming different is the mystery 
behind coding that makes the subject interesting and fresh all the time. The challenge you face
on every step of cracking a problem will make anyone grow in the field. What I like the most about
programming is how it’s not limited. What that means is it will let you learn about completely different 
areas of studies. At this era of technology, every field is in need of programmers; this gives us a great
chance of learning different things, having more than one perspective on a situation and led us to be good
as a person.  I have been doing self-study, took database and C- Sharp classes. The self-study included business 
intelligence books. This exposure helps like fuel to the burning interest of pursuing in programming. It’s what 
I want to do. Even though this are the most recent exposures, I took Java while I was a college student too.

2. If you are accepted into our program, where do you see your career in 5 years?
If I start the class in February 2017, I will be ready to join the workforce spring of next year. After that, 
I will compete and keep myself knowledgeable and active. As a new career, I expect to face many challenges,
exposing myself to those problems will make be more well-informed and vigorous. As a result, I want to see myself
being a great programmer. Within the next five years after Ada, I want to pave the ways to make me be a senior
developer. I expect this road to be not easy. However, it won’t be hard to reach with the ambition and strong 
work ethic I have. I want to see myself being the developer I wanted to be when I was a high school student.
I want to have a secured position. Five years from now, I want to be a success story and hard working person to a company.
And most importantly I want to encourage others who are being discouraged to live their dreams. I want to be the example of
going back and living the dream that someone believed its long way gone.

3. After reading Ada's Vision, Mission and Inclusivity Statement, how will you contribute to Ada's vision for an 
inclusive and diverse community?
I see diversity as a beauty and strength. I grew up in a country where there are more than 80 different ethnic groups.
My parents raised in the capital city. I had a chance to see those differences very clearly and learned how to live to
respect the difference. Even after I came to the US the high school I went to was so diverse which thought me more to 
what I already had. Living in a diverse community helps everyone to see the weakness and strength they have and improve
if needed. People with different background have a different view on one circumstance; this makes it easy to solve any
problem and grow together. Ada’s vision for the inclusive and diverse community includes every diverse piece of the 
society we live in today. These very significant opportunities should be available to all. I have plenty to contribute
towards this vision; I am an excellent team player. Working towards the same goal could be hard for some people because 
it's not easy to deal with people. I have been living with individuals with a very different background so; I know how
to live with respect.

4. Tell us about a time you made a mistake that you learned a lot from. If you encountered the situation again,
what would you do differently?
My biggest mistake happened Spring 2010. I was a freshman in college trying to fight life as a first-generation
college student at the University of Washington. Then it had been two years since I came to the states, the plan
was to finish my bachelor's in computer science. College second quarter I began to take Java class, I was the only 
colored female student. It was very hard to blend with the students and stay active. I had no support from anyone 
outside of school. One of my instructors told me this area of study was dominated by male and could be hard to pass
the wall. Then I start second guessing myself.  I dropped my second java programming class and start the physical
science journey. October 2015 was a life changing; I was in a comma for a couple of days and as the doctors stated 
“miracles” happened and I get to have a second chance of living. Since then I promised myself to follow the dream I
paused years ago. After years, I learn what is deep in the soul will find its way out. Listening to the heart belongs 
to the person, not the people surrounds you.

  




